Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hi. I'm Devin Villiers, M.D.
I couldn't help noticing
your lovely necklace.
And what's your area of specialty,
Dr. Villiers?
I kill monkeys,
as well as rats, gerbils,
the occasional potbellied pig,
but mostly monkeys.
- He means medical research, dear.
- Nope.
I just like to kill monkeys.
It's late. We should be going.
Good night, Doctor.
- Good night.
- Yeah.
Go easy on him tonight!
What?
Oh, my goodness.
What do you want from me?
Somebody please help me.
- Where is it?
- I don't know.
- I'm getting worse.
- I don't have it, swear to God.
Don't fuck with me!
Please, you gotta believe me!
I need that buffer now, Devin.
It's locked in a vault.
I can't get to it, nobody can.
- Then make some more.
- No. No, not me.
Then who? Who can make the buffer?
Maggie! Maggie Dalton.
She synthesized the compound,
did the research.
Nobody else, just her.
Maggie Dalton.
Please, please let me go.
Don't tell anyone I was here.
You never even saw me.
No, no. God, no.
But I saw you.
Excuse me, there's a guy
in the bathroom, bleeding.
Come on.
Oh, shit.
We need paramedics in here right away.
How could we have let this slip by?
Hey.
- Sleeping on the job?
- Me? No.
Just deep in thought.
Yeah, 40 winks deep.
What'd you find out?
Well, they said he was pretty trashed,
committed some serious party fouls.
Assume our suspect's covered in blood.
How does he walk out of here unnoticed?
And barefoot.
Check it out.
Death by cell phone.
That's a first.
- He popped the SIM card.
- So somebody's got his address book.
- That can't be good.
- Nope.
Excuse me, we're not finished in here.
- My God!
- Excuse me, excuse me.
I'm sorry, Detective.
This man was one of my staff.
I apologize. May I?
I'm Dr. William Reisner,
of the Reisner Institute.
- Think tank over in Redmond.
- Yes.
And on occasion, we do more than think.
- Any thoughts on this?
- We contract to the Pentagon, Detective.
As I'm sure you can imagine,
we have a long list of enemies.
Great, well, we'd love
to get a statement from you outside.
- We'll be taking over from here.
- On whose authority?
Well, I've cleared it with your superiors,
if that's what you mean.
They clear you
to contaminate the crime scene, too?
- Are we good now?
- Yeah, perfect.
Let's make sure Forensics bags the hands,
I want to get a fingernail...
- You all heard the Colonel.
- Yeah, I heard the Colonel.
Let's let it go, Frank.
- We're rolling over on this?
- It's not me.
DOD's calling the shots on this one.
Reisner's hooked in with the Pentagon.
- You're letting them investigate themselves.
- Did I say I liked it?
Come on, this isn't
Halliburton overcharging for unleaded, Tom.
It's a murder case, they have no jurisdiction.
Read the Patriot Act.
- I need you to run a soft cover on this girl.
- Great.
- Still letting us give out tickets, right?
- Yeah.
She was the staff biologist
over at the Institute.
- Reisner's concerned about her.
- Babysitting gig.
Look, you're still on the case.
Besides, she's got, like, eight diplomas,
you might learn something.
- Look, Tom...
- We're done, Frank.
Now get out of here,
before my ulcer starts bleeding.
What, were you guys born in a barn?
- I guess I should've studied biology.
- Yeah, right?
Great.
Hello, Detectives.
Thank you for helping us out.
Come in.
Hey.
- Hackles down.
- Yeah.
This is Dr. Margaret Dalton.
Margaret, these are Detectives Turner and...
- Martinez. We'll be taking the first shift.
- Great.
How much danger do you think I'm in?
Well, we don't know too many of the details,
Miss Dalton, we're just security.
Well, my colleague was murdered,
brutally, from what I've been able
to piece together.
And honestly, I expected someone
more senior, more in the loop.
The chief assures me
they're two of the finest on the force.
You'll be fine, ma'am.
Oh, I'm sorry,
I'm sure you're entirely competent.
Thanks.
Do you mind if we secure the premises?
Go ahead.
Good night, William.
I'll check back in the morning.
Well, I'll be upstairs.
Make yourselves comfortable.
- Sorry, I was just gonna...
- I've gotta get that fixed.
I got a 1920s bungalow.
Does the same thing.
Creaks and groans like a ghost.
- You check downstairs, I'll take up.
- I'm sure you will.
- Okay, you take upstairs, I'll take down.
- No, no, go ahead, I'm fine.
- You sure?
- Yeah, why wouldn't I be?
I like it down here
with the creaks and the groans.
- You have any firearms in the house?
- No.
Anyone else regularly use your place?
Friends, relatives?
Nope.
You don't have a housekeeper? Boyfriend?
I have a cat.
I'm a dog person, myself. This your office?
Yeah.
Mostly just some personal stuff.
- Do you mind?
- No, no, not at all.
Rainfall noise works for me.
I need to check in there.
I guess if you've got
any voyeuristic tendencies,
this is a great job, huh?
Don't worry,
we take pills for that sort of thing.
My kid sister, Heather.
She's a freshman at U-Dub.
Must be close.
Or I'm overcompensating.
We're done up here.
What were you and Dr. Villiers working on?
Do you discuss your cases with strangers?
I'm still bound
by a non-disclosure agreement.
- I couldn't tell you if I wanted to.
- What do you mean "still"?
Well, I haven't worked there for six months.
I was let go.
What do you do now?
I'm unemployed.
Quite an overhead you got.
William Reisner
was an extremely gracious employer.
- All secure downstairs, Frank.
- Great.
Here's my cell phone number.
Put it on speed dial.
We'll be right outside if you need us.
One of us could stay inside
if you'd feel more comfortable.
I'll be fine.
I'd like to keep that door unlocked,
in case we need to get to you quickly.
Is that standard?
Well, it's a good idea.
Okay, then.
Okay, anyone with eight degrees
has no right to look like that.
Like what?
Oh, yeah, act like you didn't notice.
She could probably melt concrete
with those blue eyes.
They were green, actually.
- Bell Ranger.
- Not one of ours.
It's heading north.
I'll call it in anyway. N-7953?
Lewis, it's Turner.
Get me an ID through Sea-Tac ATC.
Non-police Bell Ranger, tail number N-7-9
- 5-3.
...5-3.
- 7-9-5-3. Got it.
- Okay.
- Have fun.
Hey, Frank.
Keep it down in there,
you're gonna disturb the neighbors.
I'm sure they got better things to do
than listen to me hum.
You promise? I mean, really, really promise?
- Don't worry.
- I swear, if you Paris me, I'm dead.
My dad will kill me.
- I mean it.
- Come on. You know I'd never do that.
What if my parents come home early?
My dad sometimes drives around the block
just to trick me.
I'll go check.
It's all good.
Close the blinds, okay?
All right.
Now, play with yourself a little,
have some fun.
- You sound like a porn director.
- You wish.
Nice.
Hey, Frank, look in the mirror.
Your Arizona tan is officially gone.
You're one of us now.
Great, how'd that happen?
I like it. It suits you.
Oh, thanks.
Shit.
That's it.
Come on, a little more.
Nice.
- That's it.
- Okay, your turn.
What've we got here?
Must be the sister, Heather.
Hey. It's Heather, right?
You look like a cop.
What makes you say that?
Your suit.
Nobody would actually wear that.
I'm Detective Martinez.
She's dead, isn't she?
At her computer,
suffocated under a pile of printouts.
Nobody found the body for days,
and now there's some
creepy bio-culture growing out of her nose.
No, no, she's fine.
Everything's fine.
Means everything's not fine.
Oh, yeah, she's a peach.
Okay, I think I got it. Okay.
Wait, just a sec.
What are you doing?
- I thought I saw someone.
- What?
Ash, come on.
There's nobody here.
Let's play.
What the hell is wrong with you?
Someone's here.
Ashley, there's nobody here. Nobody.
Maggie!
Oh, shit!
Oh, Heather, I'm so sorry.
Something came up at the last minute.
Yeah, I figured as much from the stakeout.
It's just a precaution.
Against unauthorized quality time
with your sister?
It's a work thing.
That non-disclosure shit
does not apply to me.
There's nothing to worry about.
- Go to the concert, take Chelsea...
- I already did.
It's over.
Listen, Heather, I'm really sorry.
This is just a crazy time right now,
but it will be over soon, I promise.
Right.
Well, in the meantime,
I'm gonna go shoot crystal and get pregnant
by some guy I barely know.
No, you're not. Heather.
And it wasn't a concert,
it was a poetry slam.
Everything okay?
Okay.
Good night.
Could you...
Could you just make sure she's okay?
You bet.
Thanks.
Hi, kitty.
You want in? Yeah? Come on.
Come on, kitty.
Come on.
There you go.
- Turner.
- I think I heard something.
Lisa just went inside, it's probably her.
Stay inside your study
until you hear from us.
Lisa, how's everything going in there?
It all looks fine.
I'm just gonna check upstairs.
Okay. Maggie's in her study,
make sure she knows everything's okay.
Who's there?
It's Detective Martinez, ma'am.
Stay in the room.
Lisa?
Lisa.
Shit.
Lisa!
Come on, baby.
Come on, stay with me. Come on.
Damn it.
Oh, Jesus.
Come on.
- Stay inside.
- Does she have a pulse?
- No.
- I'll do chest compressions. Breathe.
- And one, and two, and three, and four...
- Come on, Lisa, breathe. Breathe.
And one, and two, and three,
and four, and five.
- Breathe, damn it!
- Take over!
One, two, three, four, five.
Come on.
Come on. Come on.
- Detective.
- What?
Her pupils are fixed and dilated.
I'm sorry, there's no use.
- All units, all units in position.
- Move, move, move!
Second team. Move into Bronco position.
- Take around back.
- Roger that.
Okay, watch your screens,
watch your screens.
Secure the perimeter!
Watch the windows.
Turner!
Help!
Zulu Two, are we clear?
Maggie?
- Maggie!
- Where is it?
- I don't know.
- I know you have it.
It's not here, but...
We got movement upstairs.
All units move into position.
Keep your eyes on the screen!
Where is he? Where is he? Where is he?
I heard you talking to him. Where is he?
Get out of my way!
Get upstairs.
- Clear out the room, now! Move!
- Go!
They're firing upstairs!
Negative.
Report, report!
Negative. Asserting perimeter.
Civilians clearing through, hold fire.
- Did we get him?
- Still waiting on confirmation.
- Rollins!
- Had him, Colonel Bishop.
- He was right here in front of us.
- Bishop, what's happening?
- We'll get him.
- I got nothing on my screen.
- Do you see?
- I can't see him!
William?
This whole thing was a goddamn setup.
You used her as bait.
Our tactics were necessary. I'm sorry.
Now clear out and let us do our job.
I lost my partner in there,
you son of a bitch!
Get out of here, now!
Repeat fire.
Grenade, grenade!
What the hell's going on?
I can't see a goddamn thing!
Sweep downstairs.
I got him, I got him!
Target! Take him out!
Go, go!
Come on.
Fuck!
Plummer! Watkins! We've lost containment.
Get those Sky-Eyes off the dime.
- Rollins! What the hell happened?
- We lost the subject, sir.
All units, fall back!
Okay, come on. Go, go!
What the hell was that thing?
What kind of biologist are you?
My partner is dead.
He wanted you. Not Lisa, you.
I want answers.
Look, I don't know.
I'm trying to understand this myself.
It doesn't make any sense.
All right.
We'll go to the station and regroup.
No, you can't take me to the police,
you're a cop.
- He'll know I'm there.
- You don't have a choice.
- Let go!
- Turner.
Yeah, hey, dude, it's Lewis.
- About your Bell Ranger...
- I'm not going to the cops!
That tail number doesn't show up
in any of our databases.
Maybe you should go get
your eyes checked, dude.
No shit.
Bacon is murder.
That's right, people, bacon is murder.
That's right! Breakfast kills.
Bacon is murder.
Run!
Excuse me!
Keep going!
This way! This way! This way!
Come on. Come on.
I'm okay. Come on!
Come on.
Oh, shit.
Oh, God.
Good Christ.
Yeah, he just walked in.
Listen, I gotta call you back.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
We're all pretty shaken up around here.
She was a good cop, Frank.
Well, she was a little more than that.
Dr. Dalton, can I get you anything?
Some water, coffee?
I need a laptop, a secure landline,
and some privacy would be helpful.
- Can I talk to you outside for a second?
- Yeah. Excuse us.
These guys are fucking with us,
they know who did this.
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
Well, give the command, we'll go after him.
I got 100 cops that wanna hit the streets,
and run that shitbag down.
But my orders are to hold them back,
and that means you, too.
What orders? Whose orders, theirs?
I know all about taking bad orders, Tom.
Well, keep your personal beefs
out of this, Frank.
I'm not asking you to plant evidence.
When did you start bending over
for the big boys?
- I don't even recognize you anymore.
- You did what you could.
- Now I need you to walk away.
- Walk away from what?
Walk away from what?
- You know what's out there, don't you?
- I know enough to leave it alone.
Look, we hold her till the Feds get here,
we transfer custody, and we're home free.
Yeah.
Another case cleared, right?
- We're moving you to a holding cell.
- I'm sorry?
Just till the Feds get here.
The Feds?
It's for your own safety.
All right, guys, she's all yours.
This way.
You might wanna use the restroom
before you go in there.
Those holding cell toilets
can get pretty nasty, right?
- It's over there. You want me to take her?
- Sure.
Keep walking. You heard me, go.
Now! Fast. Second floor.
We'll be right outside, don't try anything.
Is that right?
- Hey, Chesley?
- Yeah?
You mind watching the head?
I gotta run back upstairs.
- You go on, then. We'll take it from here.
- Thanks.
This way, this way. Come on.
- Why are you helping me?
- I wanna know why Lisa died. Now.
What are you doing?
Frank!
Tell me everything you know,
or we're going back.
- I can't go back there!
- But I can.
It's your call.
Okay, okay! Okay.
Here, put that on.
- What's happening?
- Get out.
Look, he's just a cop, for Christ's sake.
Get me a fix on him now.
We've got a 90-degree swing
around the lake.
There's no bridge, until here.
Which would put them
in this general vicinity.
If Turner gets Dalton to talk, it's over.
- For all of us.
- He won't, that's a promise.
Seattle patrol unit has found a Mustang
abandoned near Union Bay.
Put Turner out over the Net,
and get his picture to the local TV stations.
Yes, sir.
How does someone like that
just slip out of our hands?
You've really outdone yourselves this time.
Usually when you people make a mess,
at least you can see it.
Thanks.
Get down!
We need assistance setting up a roadblock
at the 5th Street Bridge.
Unit 23, please respond.
Okay. Come on. Get in, get in.
- What are we doing?
- We gotta keep moving.
If we stay in one place,
the cops will catch us.
This is some rescue.
I'm not doing this for you.
I need information.
Okay, start talking.
Five years ago,
a team of molecular biologists
broke the code for human invisibility.
But the program was scrapped,
almost overnight.
Why?
All but two of the first team were killed.
Something went seriously wrong.
A year later, Reisner started up again
with covert funding from the DOD.
The operation was codenamed
Silent Knight, with a "K."
Cute.
The idea was to create
the ultimate national security weapon,
an undetectable soldier.
Reisner managed to reproduce
the original test results.
Then he called me in to correct the defects.
There's a flaw in the invisibility code.
The serum turns human tissue invisible,
but it also has horrible side effects.
Simply put, the serum allows
light to pass directly through us...
- I was there, I believe you.
- Okay, but the radiation...
- Just tell me about the guy.
- It damages your cells.
- Over time, it kills them.
- Skip the science lecture.
Just tell me about him, and make it simple.
Okay.
Dying test subjects, not good.
So I developed a compound
called "the buffer," to keep him alive.
His name was Michael Griffin.
He was Special Forces.
He'd been in Afghanistan, Iran, Iraq.
How do you feel?
I feel like I'm about to blast off. I feel ready.
Thanks, Doc, for this opportunity.
What's your name?
Dr. Dalton. Maggie.
Maggie.
Take good care of me, Maggie.
- How's he doing?
- Blood pressure normal, heart rate normal.
Galvanic skin response shows low stress.
He's smiling.
Let's do this.
Reisner told me our test went well.
But when they gave him the buffer
a few days later, he suddenly died.
Somehow the buffer had failed.
Of course, I blamed myself.
I couldn't see the truth.
Reisner let me go, but I couldn't let go.
I had to know why the buffer failed.
And tonight I found out.
The buffer didn't fail.
They never gave it to him.
It was all about making the world
a safer place.
Yeah. Nice job.
Tell Command there are checkpoints
at every bridge and road out of the city.
If Turner and Dalton
try to leave Seattle tonight, we'll catch them.
It's not just the cop we have to worry about,
you realize that.
You've got an invisible assassin out there
fighting his own war.
- And I'll bring him in.
- You've lost control of him.
Griffin's always operated
on the edge of anarchy.
When he goes into combat, he goes deep,
he goes black.
So why the hell would he listen to you?
He's still a soldier, and I'm still his CO.
Griffin cannot get the buffer.
It's that simple.
Now you find him, and end it.
Like I said, he won't get to Dalton.
Nothing happens to her.
Nothing that involves me.
- Are we clear?
- We are.
Wait here.
You have nine new messages.
To listen to your...
Jesus, I saw it on TV. Where are you?
Does the ferry to Edmonds
still run at this hour?
I don't know.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org